This is a online bakery management web application. there are two sides. user side and admin sides. we use phone number and password authentication from supabase. database also from supabase. we should have a homepage with a carousel, featured products, all the categories and products displayed and navbar with logo, search bar, cart icon, user menu icon. footer also with the logo and a description and and some useful links and subscribe form. we dont do dileveries. user have to place an order and then bakery will notify when it is ready and user have to come and pick up. to verify the order we send an otp to the user. there are cash and card payments. cash payment can be unpaid and user have to show the code and verify it and pay from our pos system on the dashboard. if card payment, then payment status must be paid to send the otp. otherwise that order is mark and to pay order. then to pick orders and picked orders. user can order through buy now button from each product card or add products to the cart and select wanted items from cart and click checkout to order. then once the order has been placed successfully admin dashboard will get an notification. admin dashboard have a sales overview on the top half and bottom half have two charts that is product quantity and stock quantity. then on the sidebar you can see navigation links (dashboard, POS, manage products, manage stocks, charts, settings and in the bottom user settings. in the pos page there are two tabs. one for POS and other one is for online orders. that notified ones. pos system is a proper pos system that can do everything a pos system suppose to do. then online orders have the list of to pick orders. each record have 3 actions. one is view more details and other one is notify the user that the order is ready to pick and other one is verify the order otp. then manage products page have add, edit, delete categories and add, edit, delete products as well as the quantity update so that the qty can be update when every new batch of that product made. each products have data for ingredients. so that we can automate stock reduction on update product quantity. for a example when the dotted bun 50 made then stock should reduce 50 * ingredients from stock. then stock manage page will add, edit, delete stock and also add new qty for stock item. also when a stock is at low state admin should get a notification. settings page should have bakery homepage edits and bekery info updates. and turn on/off notifications. and  select a color theme and a font for the user website. and the user menu should have notification center also